hello to all today I you
proposes to make a delicious
recipe for making your homemade panini yes
I promise you it's very simple you
go see it's just a little bit
as a base of bread dough and with
this recipe you will be able to the
connect to our other two videos in
just clicking here a tapenade and in
just click here a delicious panini
mozza you will brandish news
it's delicious for this recipe you
are going to need some water meal from
milk of a sachet of dehydrated yeast
salt sugar and olive oil
nothing complicated here we go
simply mixed almost all
of our ingredients except salt and we're going
put your hands on unless you have a
robot in these cases all directly
in the robot and five minutes to knead
until you get a homogeneous paste
we have our flour our yeast
baker dehydrated our sugar and we
just add up our olive oil
our water and our milk
we add our salt and there we will knead
to have a nice ball that's next
as soon as you have a nice homogeneous dough
we will come
hop out there on our work plan
and here we will work it by hand
knead it so that's the technique
that's it's hop we roll we crush
with the hand we roll we crush you
can lightly flour your plan of
work but no need to put too much
no longer here it's a dough that's not
too sticky concludes, here we are crushing
we raise is crushed and we will do that
until you get a paste that is
really lice
here is our paw is almost over
we are going to make a flap so it's up to
that we take all of our sides were the
put on the underside we have a very smooth side
over it we take our salad bowl on
put our ball inside we put a
wet linen over and we leave to
room temperature for two hours
or two and a half hours at
the time we meet again for the rest of
our recipe
here I am back after a little
little more than two hours like you
can see the paw doubled from
volume see a little bit more we're going
now hop flour and our plan of
work we go bins and have back
up we worked it a little bit
story of chasing the air we see
then split our paw in case of
pudding that will make our four panini
then we will come back to work each
end of a then in the jargon of the
kitchen we call that dough and
then we will come and give them a
beautiful rectangular shape and leave them
push another 40 minutes
you are going to need a glass of water
pallini devaux and a preheated oven to
200 degrees so be careful prepare yourself
look what am I going to do
jean fournet and at the same time jean
I throw a glass of water
directly the oven in fact that's what
will create a steam inside this is
who will allow to have a beautiful
crispy crust on your pagny
it's happiness here you know
now realize delicious not said
nor do I hope you'll have a little bit
more compass in the eye than me because
that here we have daddy amy the monotony
and the kids right here that's good
appetite regale you do not hesitate you
can eat it like that where do it
toaster